Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Toroko!
Teacher!
Don't worry about me! Run!
Don't be an idiot!
Hurry up!
There they are! This way!
Damn it!
How could this happen?!
I'm going to deliver this?
Yes. I want you
to take the evidence...
...from the recent raid...
...to headquarters.
What's inside?
You don't need to know.
Yes, sir!
All you need to do
is follow your orders.
Be very careful
when delivering the item.
You are to never, ever
open the case! That's all!
I, Officer Toshiyuki Saejima...
...will deliver the evidence
to headquarters!
Why do I have to deliver
something so heavy?!
"You are to never,
ever open the case"?
Damn!
It's open!
These are.!
Toroko is becoming quite stunning.
Her makeup is well done.
Her body is incredible!
Yeah, she deserves
her Glossy Photo Queen title.
She rose to the top.
Really. I can't believe...
...she used to be made
fun of and called names.
Oops, she fell.
Oh, well, she's still Toroko.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Can they show this?! Can they?!
Man, they're big!
Big is good.
Teacher!
I don't know what to do!
Please help me!
Calm down, Toroko.
Your chest is crushing Onizuka.
So what happened?
You don't get upset very often.
My contract may be sold.
The president of
our production company...
...did a lot of stuff
during the bubble economy...
...and now he's got to repay.
Once, in order to settle his debt...
...I was taken to a party
with a lot of scary guys...
...and another time...
...I was told I had to be
in a totally nude photo layout.
What?!
No matter what, I can't do it!
Hey, there. It's all right. Don't worry.
Let's go!
Wait, Teacher!
- Toroko!
- Yes!
Your top-notch manager,
Eikichi Onizuka...
...will give the wimps at your
production company a lesson...
...in how this industry works.
Hooray!
No wonder it was heavy!
I had no idea that it was
filled with gold bars!
I should bruise
my face or something...
...and say I was robbed
by Yakuza on my way...
...and when things settle down...
... I can quit and go abroad.
Then all of these
gold bars will be mine.
And to top it off,
I can collect my pension.
Well, how should I spend it?
Should I go to Hawaii and have
blond escort girls go out with me?
Or should I drive a Mercedes
and wear designer clothes...
...and live extravagantly
in Roppongi?
- So Romeo!
- Oh, I can't wait.
Call me!
The vibration is getting
strong in your chest.
This is for you.
That's right. I can have a beautiful
girl like Tomoko Nomura...
This is Juliet.
- Pasoko from the Internet?
- Who's disturbing my dreams?
Stop making a racket! Hold on!
I don't believe it!
Hello!
I'm Tomoko Nomura!
All right.
Hi!
What are you doing?
Open the door for your friend.
Eikichi, what's up?
I have a favor to ask of you.
Come on in, Toroko.
Hi, how are you?
Tomoko Nomura?
Is she for real?
Didn't I tell you?
She's one of my students.
- Could I have your autograph?
- Sure.
Please add "To Saejima-san."
Thank you.
Well, I'll see you later.
I'm busy now.
Busy? Weren't you just
counting your money?
He's uncanny! I wonder
if he knows about my gold bars...
... with his instincts like a hyena.
I got it!
You've been saving this every day
to go to a massage parlor, right?
Good guess, Eikichi.
You're pretty sharp!
Hey, what's this?
What is this?
It's nothing!
If it's nothing, let me see it.
Stop it! This is my precious...
Wow, these are gold, aren't they?
They're mine! I won't let
anyone take them away!
Saejima, you.!
Saejima-san. This is the police.
I'll be right there.
Don't answer it!
But it's the police.
Saejima-san?
- Oh, no! They're already here!
- Damn! They're Yakuza!
What did you do?!
How did you get those gold bars?
It's none of your business.
Then there's no problem
if I open the door?
It's you who'll be in trouble
if you open it.
Now!
- Run!
- What?
Wait!
Toroko!
Tacher!
Don't worry about me! Run!
Don't be an idiot!
Hurry up!
There they are! This way!
Wait! You!
There are more of them?!
We're boxed in!
Damn it! How could this happen?!
- Teacher!
- Let's go!
Damn!
What?!
Crap!
I thought I was going to die.
I'm sorry, it's my fault.
You don't need to apologize
to someone like him.
What's going on, Eikichi?!
Well, her production
company is in trouble.
So I went to the office
to discuss it with the president...
PINK ELEPHANT
But the president was already gone.
You hit... Yakuza?
How can I just stand by
when my student is in trouble?
Idiot! The world
of gangsters is dangerous.
You're an adult now.
You should know that some things
are out of an individual's control.
That's why I've come
to a government official.
I don't know about that!
If you hadn't come, I would have
been headed to Hawaii by now.
Ah, police?
I picked up some gold bars.
Idiot! Stop it!
You're also involved in some
risky business, aren't you?
We have no choice.
Should we team up?
All right.
Let's go to Hawaii!
I'm going to get
some blond escorts!
I guess I'm on my own.
WAI HA DE PA TSU KIN
(BLONDE IN HAWAII)
What are you doing?
Where is it?
There it is!
Let's go!
Hey! Wait a minute!
How can we go to Hawaii
in such a crappy boat?!
Don't worry!
It looks crappy on the outside...
...but it's a lot faster
than a police boat!
We've got gold bars!
We should go first class!
With this much gold...
...how can we leave Narita Airport
in such a conspicuous way?!
Oh, no! They're already here!
Hurry up!
There they are! Wait!
Hey! Don't leave without us!
What are you doing?! Jump!
Quickly!
But...
Toroko!
Teacher!
Turn around!
Give me the case!
Hurry up!
Get this boat.
Thanks for your help.
I did it! The gold bars are mine!
Teacher!
Toroko, wait for me.
Excuse me,
may I ask you a question?
What is it?
What will happen to me?
Don't worry.
You're valuable merchandise.
We won't harm you.
But if you don't listen to us,
those guys are dead.
President! Manager-san!
Tomoko!
I'm sorry, Tomoko.
I've caused you so much trouble.
It's not your fault!
It's part of their plan!
They pretend
to help those in need...
...but their contract is rigged.
Don't speak such slander!
We're just doing business!
We've got our pot of gold.
They're useless to us now.
Should we throw
them in Kisarazu Bay?
Manager-san!
So, miss, what are
you going to do?
Who's there?!
You don't need
to know my name, punk.
You can just call me
a wanderer with a guitar.
Teacher!
He's here again.
What should we do with him?
We've gone this far.
How can we stop now?!
This isn't good.
Is he really a teacher?
What's going on?
Don't ask me.
I can't go through with this!
Onizuka-san!
I'm going to beat everyone...
...who's given
my student any trouble.
That's enough!
Any more and I'll cut her throat!
Teacher!
Yeah, that's right.
Onizuka!
Saejima!
Who are you?!
Shut up!
Saejima! You came!
Of course!
This is great! Even though
they're usually fighting...
... when one is in trouble,
the other backs him up.
This is the way of true
friendship between men!
I can't settle down
unless I hit you once, you thief!
That's what I was going to say!
I haven't been able
to count on you for a long time.
You betrayed me!
Aren't you forgetting
your friendship?
Friendship?! He doesn't
know what friendship is!
Look!
You tried to switch the gold!
How can you say that?
You pushed me into the water!
Because you tried
to steal my gold bars!
Your gold bars?!
You're a police officer
and you were going to steal them!
- Why can't a police officer steal?
- Excuse me...
...if you could help me...
What's that?
The Yakuza are gone!
You've been a lot of trouble!
In that case...
...I'm going to blow everyone up!
Teacher! There's
something strange over there!
Something strange?
That box is full of bombs.
They'll go off in five minutes!
I'm not involved in this!
Open up! Please open up!
Wait a minute!
I didn't know about this!
Where's the person in charge?!
Damn!
Hey! I have something!
I have gold bars!
- It's true! You've got to believe me!
- I'm sorry.
I caused you all this trouble.
I owe you for so many things.
And I'm causing you
trouble until the end.
It's not your fault.
Teacher!
Even though we've only known
each other for a short time...
Don't be foolish.
I haven't given up yet.
When a teacher's
student is in danger...
...he can become
almost superhuman.
See? Untie everyone's ropes.
Yes!
Eikichi, get the gold bars!
I'm not giving you...?!
Idiot! We're going to negotiate.
If we have money, you can
pay the president's debt, too.
We have no choice.
Here they are.
Look! Gold bars!
If you blow us up,
these bars will be destroyed, too!
I don't care about them!
I have nothing to do with this!
Teacher!
Duck!
Surprise!
You still don't get it?
Tomoko, what does this say?
Star Dokkiri...
(Celebrity Candid Camera)
Yes! That means...
Well, all those things, like
President being in debt...
...and my contract being sold...
...and the Yakuza chasing me...
...and the bomb
going to explode...
Were all lies!
CELEBRITY CANDID CAMERA
That's all for the rising star,
Tomoko Nomura's prank.
She was completely fooled
by her manager and the others!
Wait a minute!
Then how about these gold bars?!
Gold bars?
They're here!
They're real Yakuza!
Those gold bars...
...belong to us.
What are you going to do?
Don't ask me!
Give them back.
Surround them!
What the.!
Thank you for your work, Saejima.
Chief!
Because of your work,
we were able to catch their ring.
What?
Those gold bars were payment
the Yakuza received for drugs.
Is this what's known as a sting?
I thought so!
I, Officer Saejima...
...protected the gold bars
to the best of my ability!
However, unfortunately
I did lose some...
It doesn't matter.
What?
You were in charge
of disposing of the gold bars.
They are fake, gold-painted lead.
My Hawaiian dream...
UP-CLOSE REPORT:
MIDNIGHT WITH THE POLICE
Let me go, you idiot!
I'm not a Yakuza!
I'm a teacher!
Hey! Get off of me!
In this way, we were
able to capture the moment...
... when the drug ring
was arrested!
I'm the great teacher Onizuka!
This is a documentary.
Which part is the Candid Camera?
It was a surprise.
The newspaper is reporting it
on the front page.
It says, "Tomoko Nomura helped
in the arrest of drug dealers...
...through the Candid
Camera program."
As always, when you
get involved with Toroko...
...you're asking for trouble.
It's not a laughing matter.
After all of that,
I had to go through...
...an interrogation
with the detectives.
It's because you get too excited
by her cute "Help me!"
Shut up!
Teacher! Help me!
Oh, Toroko!
Where is our future going?
Maybe it knows of this aimless
Journey and simply flew away
If you can stop our gloomy days
I will listen to all you say
However much we have,
There is always something lacking
The wind will always blow
And carry the scent away
I am searching for our future now
Don't laugh because
It may really go away
Remember
These strained words I say
The night is almost over,
So let's run through this moment
All we have is
This precious moment
Before the endless night begins
Embrace this precious night
NEXT EPISODE
If... I decided to get married...
...what would you think?
M-Married?
If she really loves him...
...you shouldn't stand in her way,
even if you're her son.
But if that isn't the case...
Kunio!
You! Old man!
How could you
do this to my mom?!
You're having a wedding
without telling your own son!
SEE YA NEXT TIME